`neurons_ordered_by_homology.txt` contains a list of all neurons to be included in the analysis, with the first half of the lines in the text file being the left side neurons, and the second half of the lines being the right side neurons. The ordering of these lists indicates the "ground truth" homology assignments against which the algorithmic assignments will be compared. The first left side neuron listed is homologous to the first right side neuron listed, the second left homologous to the second right, etc. More specifically, in the file `inputFiles_allNeurites/leftRightHomology_manualAssignmentsBasedOnAllNeurites_61pairs.txt` there are 61 pairs listed, so the left side neuron listed on line `n` (for `n` from 1 to 61) is homologous to the right side neuron listed on line `n + 61`. In each line, the first entry must be the neuron's numerical identifier (matching an entry in `similarity_scores_identifiers.txt`, see below). The remaining entries in that row (separated by spaces) can contain different ways of labeling the neuron in the output image. Currently, column 4 is used, but you may change the `col_containing_labels` variable in the .m script to get a different column.

`similarity_scores.csv` contains a square array of pairwise similarity scores between neurons. If you generate NBLAST similarity scores using the CATMAID neuron similarity widget, the .csv file exported from that widget can directly be used here, as long as the same list of neurons was used as both the search and query sets. If you generate the scores by other means, make sure the array contains scores for all pairs of neurons (a, b) such that a is a neuron in the first half of `neurons_ordered_by_homology.txt` and b is a neuron in the second half. The a-to-a and b-to-b scores can also be included in the array, but will not be used by this code. If you don't calculate them, set them to 0 or something to make sure the full array can be read by MATLAB. The row and column headers in `similarity_scores.csv`are ignored - instead the entries listed in a separate identifiers file (see below) are used to find the row/column corresponding to specific neurons.

`similarity_scores_identifiers.txt` contains a list of the identifiers for the neurons, one identifier per line of the file, in the same order as the `similarity_scores.csv` file. (So, not only does `similarity_scores.csv` have to be a square matrix, but the indexing of the neurons along the rows must be the same as the indexing along the columns. That is, with the current code you can't provide one identifiers file for the rows and a separate file for the columns, so the rows and columns must be ordered the same.)

For each line in `neurons_ordered_by_homology.txt`, the neuron's identifier must be listed in the first column. That identifier is searched for in `similarity_scores_identifiers.txt`, and the row number at which the identifier is found is the row/column number in `similarity_scores.csv` at which that neuron's similarity scores must be listed.
